Taking advantage of
the trouble in Pittsburgh,
The Union of Justice headquarters
was robbed.
But the stolen item was
quickly retrieved by Praetorian.
Praetorian's recent activity
has really been quite brilliant!
My daughter's bedroom
is plastered with Praetorian posters.
Don't get jealous of those superheroes.
You don't stand a chance against them!
That guy ain't no superhero!
That bum's in cahoots with Matts!
He's just a downright thug!
I'm takin' a leak.
We need to get revenge on that guy!
You sure talk big.
Gramps, slow down.
Shut up!
Pour me another right now!
That's right!
I ain't letting them get away with this!
What are we gonna do
now that Orlok got rubbed out
and the helmet was taken back?
We didn't even get a cent.
We're no match for Matts and Praetorian.
Can you grow back
if your brains have been blown up?
If my brains have been blown up?
My jaw grew back when it got ripped off.
This is why I hate working with
a team that I can't choose.
How can you say that when we rescued--
I never asked you to rescue me.
How dare you!
What?
This is so depressing,
I'm about to lose my mind.
So long.
Thanks for getting my hopes up
that I might see 50 million dollars,
Carmine.
I had low expectations from the start.
A ragtag group of obscure villains
could never outsmart superheroes.
If you're leaving,
then get the fuck outta here, jerk!
Nobody wants to hear you lecture us!
That was close!
You just about chopped
Mr. Handsome's face in half!
Now you've asked for it!
Hey! Come on, you guys!
Wait! Kasey!
-Forecast!
-Cut it out!
Fine!
All right already, Forecast!
What do you have to say
to villains across the country?
There is no place
for you villains in the USA.
Your fate is to grow old and die
as despised and forgotten people.
We will never let up on you people
until you're utterly eliminated.
You scum will disappear from this earth
without leaving a single trace.
Wow! How reassuring!
That was Praetorian! Thank you!
I'm in the newspapers…
Carmine.
Only when he got caught.
Jeez! I've banned him so many times,
but he keeps coming back.
This was supposed to be
the biggest job ever for gramps.
That'll never happen.
This loser has never
made it past being a petty thief.
Hanging around him will only hurt you.
Before you leave,
you'll pay for his drinks
and to clean up this place, right?
It's been a while
since I drove this truck.
No way! That burger joint closed down?
Damn! I never even ate there once.
This song's one of your favorites, right?
Honey…
Dammit!
How come things never go right?
I've waited forever for this!
So why did this happen?
I even went to night school!
I'm such a total idiot!
I've had it!
Even if we're not villains,
I want to be with you forever.
Even if we're never offered
a big job again,
let's live together happily.
Are you serious?
Where's the ring?
Kasey, will you marry me?
You're only saying that
because you saw this church.
Sorry to interrupt you
at a time like this,
but this church is
going to be torn down soon!
Perfect timing.
Let's throw away our pasts
and live ordinary,
respectable lives together.
Honey?
Coming!
If this is the wedding decoration,
take them directly to…
What?
Whatever…
Tonight's your last night
as a single man, Johnny!
Yeah!
What?
We don't serve villains here.
You scammed us!
That dude was
doing the dancing the whole time!
This is exactly why
you can't trust
any business run by villains!
If I don't get home, my baby will--
Transmit says
he still hasn't had enough to drink.
Yeah!
We ain't got money to buy more drinks.
Not just that,
I've got… I'm getting married tomorrow…
Awesome!
This is how I survived when I was a kid.
This is where
the legend of Johnny Bolt started.
Let's get a little more.
Yeah, a little more won't hurt.
-It sure won't!
Say, Johnny,
don't you think you should make
your last job a big one for Kasey's sake?
Nah. I'm gonna get married
and work an ordinary--
Someone once said that money is always
why marriage for love ends in divorce.
Now, who was it that said that?
It was my mom!
She was crying when she said it.
Johnny, you don't want your wife to suffer
'cause you're short on money, right?
There's a ton of ATMs
on this street alone.
These new ones all got cameras on 'em!
Here!
We thought this might happen,
so we packed these in the car.
Yeah.
You gotta pay for
that wedding too, Johnny.
Just one more time? For Kasey's sake.
People of San Francisco!
Good morning!
Yeah!
Here.
This is the only way to live!
Nah! I've changed!
My wonderful honey! I love you!
Johnny! You should get Kasey a present!
A present?
A present for my angel?
A present for my angel…
That's the place!
A bookstore? How come?
What does it matter?
Just pull over there, Frostbite!
But I can't stop this!
Let there be bad luck!
That hurts… Why the hell a bookstore?
For school textbooks for my angel!
Textbooks?
That's right.
She said MBA textbooks
are ridiculously expensive.
What a dumb present.
My wife's really smart.
Shit! It's the cops! Let's scram!
Grab all the books that say "MBA"!
I can't let myself get caught!
Yeah.
Yeah!
Stay calm! We don't want to hurt anyone!
It's an honor to meet you, Praetorian.
How many robbers are there?
Four. They got on a train
two stations before this one.
Get a paddy wagon to the next station.
It'll only take
a few minutes to handle this.
What shitty luck.
I can't let myself get caught today!
I'm going to go straight!
Honey! Wait for me!
Another fine achievement.
Who cares about that?
You don't either, right?
What's important is that justice prevails.
Precisely.
My sweetheart…
Yo!
You're back sooner than I expected.
Welcome back, Johnny.
Finally, you're back.
It's your move, Johnny.
Eric, please!
Let me make one phone call!
Today's my wedding day!
Eric!
Maybe he's on the subway
and has no signal.
Have all the guests arrived?
Three guests haven't arrived.
Frostbite, Kismet, and Transmit.
All right. Thank you.
"Thanks to you, I was able to change."
You haven't changed one single bit.
I wonder what's taking so long.
Mommy! Those fireworks are so cool!
They sure are!
Wow!
Slow down now!
News flash! In the trial of
the former superhero, Praetorian,
he was pronounced innocent
of the more than 300 counts against him.
He was charged with taking advantage of
his position as a superhero for years
to regularly commit assault,
blackmail, and sell information, but…
Gladiator has just come outside!
Since you and Praetorian had
a close relationship,
opinion on the Internet is that
you were involved in his crimes too.
Can you comment on that?
Me?
The hell I was!
I've always been suspicious
of that Praetorian.
Innocent my ass!
I heard he hired a super-expensive lawyer.
That itself is proof
he's in cahoots with criminals.
Black 28. Another win.
Wow! That's amazing!
Sir, it looks like your lucky night.
Fantastic!
That's nine times in a row!
Next, I'm putting it all on 18.
If I win this,
I'll get to a million dollars.
All of it, sir? On one number?
Tonight, I've got lady luck with me!
Hey! Leave me out of this, would you!
Hurry up and spin it!
What's going on with table 47?
He's taken us for 400 grand.
There's clearly a precog involved.
We haven't detected the use of
psychic powers inside the casino.
According to the database,
the gambler is definitely The Heat.
Comb the entire premises.
He's definitely up to something.
Carmine, hurry up and get out of there.
Turning 50 bucks into
1.2 million is going too far.
We'll get caught for…
Would you mind stepping out of the car?
Carmine, I'm sorry.
I didn't know what else to do.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Your name is Walt Flanagan.
Isn't that right?
Yes.
According to the database,
you can see 30 seconds into the future.
That's right.
Then I guess you can see
where this fancy cigar case
will be in 30 seconds, can't you?
Yes, I can.
Such a pity.
Now listen.
I admire your balls.
But this is an excellent chance
to teach you, low-status villains,
how brutal the organization can be.
Salamander… I can't breathe!
Bring me 100 million dollars in one month!
A hundred million. Got it?
And don't try to pull anything stupid.
How in the world
am I supposed to get 100 million dollars?
How should I know?
Why not try knocking off a bank?
May as well end your life
as a petty thief with a bang.
It's only natural you're upset.
I really am sorry.
I've got nothing to say to you. Get out.
I just wanted money to pay for
the wedding. You can understand that.
I don't want to hear it,
even if you're joking!
You're the one who said
you wanted to start an ordinary life.
But you're the one
who tossed that all away
and ruined our… my future!
I just thought we'd need
a little more money
to start an ordinary life.
Must be nice
not to have to pay rent in prison.
What are you working in
a coffee shop like this again for?
What about your MBA?
With smarts like yours, sweetie,
you shouldn't have to work in a place--
MBA?
I punched that groping professor
and got kicked out!
Smarts? You think I'm smart?
My grades were horrible the whole time!
I never even succeeded once
at any big jobs as a villain!
How dare you suddenly show up
and push your male fantasies on me.
I failed my MBA.
I failed at being a villain too!
That's why I'm working
at a coffee shop like this.
Sweetheart…
Get out.
Carmine?
-Carmine!
-What's wrong?
Johnny… Kasey…
I need help…
Subtitle translation by: Brian Athey